
Character unlockables:
(X)Boss Rush - Lunchbox - get 1 hearts of any type, spawns 1-3 more health each floor (C-)
(X)It Lives! - Miraculous Womb - Spawns two familiars that look like J&E. They orbit around you and shoot your tears.
(X)Satan - Cursed Spoon - get hurt and a maw spawns and swallows you up
(X)Isaac - Dice of Fate - rerolls current health bt amount and type 
(X)The Lamb - Isaac's Locks - trinket, decreases cooldown for Rebecca's heart barrages and dash, increases speed and damage and heart spawn rate increases over other hearts/ spawns reroll machine in special rooms
(X)??? - Eternal Bond - if Rebecca, spawns mini Isaac. else, spawns mini Rebecca. 
(X)Ultra Greed - Love = Power - The more red hearts you have, the more dmg, the more empty heart containers, the more speed (C-X)
(X)Ultra Greedier - Lovesick - the less time you pick up a heart or heal, the more stronger you get. healing resets it
()Hush - Rebekah's Camera - stuns and captures enemies, use again to spawn them charmed
()Delirium - Snap - you gain a heart beat. Heart beat repels enemies. Your heart beat gets faster the less health you have from total health
() Mother - Rebekah's Favorite - spawns a happy Jacob
() Beast - Patriarchs Liar - judgement
(X)Unrequited Love - 
"Heart Mode Sword thing" - passive - unlocked after defeating Isaac with all heart personalities

Unlocked items:
toy refs:
X Candy Wedding Ring - passive - it gives 1 heart container and 0.7 speed when picked up
X "Love me, love me not" thing - Probably an active item - The point's just to add a benefit, nothing crazy, basic stat item somewhere in line with purity
bag of bristle blocks - active - collect blocks from dead enemies and build turrets
book refs:
X doorstopper - active - giant book to yeet to enemies
encyclopedia - active - d infinity but for books
"The Shining" - active - book that floods the room with blood
X Typical Rom-Com - increases lowest stat on use/on use, activates random barrage, 2 charge
Annabel Lee
yandere refs:
Im a die - active item where you have to constantly cut wires so the bomb doesnt explode, get rewards
X Finger Finger! - passive where killing enemies spawn a finger minion which attacks other enemies?
Love Deluxe - Passive - After firing tears for 2.35 seconds, releasing the fire button unleashes a black hairy whip simular to the Snapper.
Future Diary? - active item/trinket that predicts where enemies and proectiles will go, maybe even specific lasers will shoot
X Great Fire Bird! - passive, after 15 shots, spawns a cluster of war locusts

Female Boss Unlocks:
Maggy - Diabetes?? (suto help)
Eve - 
Lilith - Nightmare Box - upgrades current familiars to be stronger for a room
Bethany - some sort of book of virtues 2 - instead of wisps, spawns bigger wisps like level two wisp size idk
Eden?

X Wishful Thinking

Idk if this will be added:
The Platform
No Item
Helltaker -kick rocks
Narcolepsy -sleepy time
Psoraisis -armor thingy
Bathtub Mermaid -swish movement